feat(changelog): apple-silicon-deprecated-fr-par-1-is-disabled-in-the-ap 2023-11-08 (#2387)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2023/2023-11-08-apple-silicon-deprecated-fr-par-1-is-disabled-in-the-ap.mdx

---
title: fr-par-1 is disabled in the API
status: deprecated
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #apple-silicon channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-11-08
category: bare-metal
product: apple-silicon
---

> Every request on `/apple-silicon/v1alpha1/zones/fr-par-1/*` will no longer be responded for Apple Silicon M1 servers. The PAR-3 AZ must be used instead by requesting `/apple-silicon/v1alpha1/zones/fr-par-3/*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Apple Silicon M1 servers, requests to `/apple-silicon/v1alpha1/zones/fr-par-1/*` will no longer receive responses. All requests should now go to the PAR-3 AZ, using `/apple-silicon/v1alpha1/zones/fr-par-3/*`.
```
